Scripts by MarioXHK

This is pretty buggy and janky, so there's your caution tape. I tried to make it as least buggy/janky as possible, and made as many settings as I could, so.... uhh..... I tried, k?
Try and use these optimally and sparingly. Circular platforms might be fun, but they can be a hassle if you have too many


Custom Circular Block Config Settings:
circleblock (all of the blocks) (Default: true) - Validates that the block is apart of a circle and should ignore eachother when checking for various things.
speedreduction (Default: 10) - How much to divide the speed by. It's set since without it the speed would just be way too high
basebandwidth (Default: 100) - How much influence is in an entangled circular platform by default.

Custom Circling NPC Config Settings:
iscircler (Default: true) - Validates that the NPC is meant for circling
isfloater (Default: false) - If set to true, the NPC won't turn into it's base NPC when it's on the edge of the platform
basenpc (Default: various) - The base NPC that the circling NPC's based off of. If set to 0 then the NPC will die if it's no longer on the circle.
ihandleframes (Default: false) - If true, custom code will handle the animation of this NPC
ihandlespeed (Default: false) - If true, custom code will handle how the NPC moves around the platform
gfxoffsetr (Default: 0) - How much the GFX is rotationally offset
priority (Default: -45) - The priority of the NPC
npctexture (Default: npc-id.png) - The texture of the NPC

Transforming NPCs
transformid - If this is set to something, the rotating NPC will transform into the NPC that has this ID when 
neededreason - The reason required to transform properly. Set to -1 for any reason other than lava
neededreason2 - neededreason's brother
neededreason3 - neededreason's sister


Following rotation NPCs
speed (Default: various) - The max speed the NPC will be able to make while running along a circular platform before falling behind
stillframes (Default: varies) - How many idle animation frames are there (can be set to 0)
walkframes (Default: variable) - How many walk animation frames are there above the idle ones
framespeedmultiplier (Default: var) - How much the framespeed is multiplied when the NPC is in motion

YI Ravens
timermin (Default: 64) - The minimum amount of time the raven can be moving
timermax (Default: 321) - The maximum amount of time the raven can be moving
turntimermin (Default: 16) - The minimum amount of time a raven can take turning
turntimermax (Default: 64) - The maximum amount of time a raven can take turning

Stretch
walkframes (Default: 2) - How many frames of it's frames are actually used for walking
walktimer (Default: 160) - How long the stretch will be out before hiding
resttimer (Default: 64) - The amount of time the stretch will stay in the ground
hidemultiplier (Default: 2) - How much faster the stretch is underground than overground