An entity born from the crevices the darkness of wonder form.
Whimsy Mushrooms.
They feed off of the energy given off by broken spacetime and allow tears in the fabric of reality to persist for longer than usual.
With then, interdimensional travel is easy if you know what you're doing.

When you collect one, truly anything can happen. The Wonder flower even with its mighty power has its limits, but as long as there is reality, Whimsy mushrooms can persist and funnel as much energy into them.
God knows what will happen if you manage to EAT one of them.
When they activate, they trigger a much stronger and unique wonder effect which can last from seconds to hours to years.
Often these wonder effects can rift in things or people from other dimensions, causing a "Crossover Effect"
The cost of these special Wonder effects persisting is the slow decridation of reality itself, doing almost as much damage as a void would do, scrambling it like an egg.
Fortunately, Whimsy Mushrooms only exist for a limited time in a much bigger tear caused when a dark fountain creation overlaps a Wonder effect activation. This tear if weak enough will seal itself.
Only when Whimsy Mushrooms escape these confines do they become dangerous and powerful, but they still have the ability to be stopped via Wonder Seeds. It's very important that Wonder Seeds found and thus used to stop these events must NOT BE DESTROYED. Destroying them will release the effect, and can cause it to become a permanent tear in reality.

Whimsy/Crossover effect examples:

Following the "gravity" of circular platforms
Suddenly an Undertale/Deltarune fight
Jumping causes your gravity to invert
A game of Splatoon Turf War occures
You get transported to Celeste
A console appears that you need to play the og 1-1 on
the HUD elements fall off and try to attack you
Turning into a Top-Down game
Suddenly a horror game with Mario.exe
Screen size changes and a gimmick is about that
(A regular wonder effect)
A chase sequence based off of Caroline
You're given a portal gun and solve something
All graphics change to be RTX 3600 raytraced with 256x256 textures (that slowly cooks your PC)
Forced into FNFing a song
Straight up Mario Paint
The limit is gameplay wise everything in the level existing in a vacuum and nothing that happens in the level should have bad consequences outside of it.